doc: tainted stuffer reset operation (#5231)
aws/s2n-tls: docs/DEVELOPMENT-GUIDE.md

Note that this may be past the `write_cursor` if `s2n_stuffer_rewrite()` has been called.
Explicitly tracking the `high_water_mark` allows us to track the bytes which need to be wiped, and helps avoids needless zeroing of memory.
The next two bits of state track whether a stuffer was dynamically allocated (and so should be free'd later) and whether or not it is growable.

> `tainted` is set to true whenever `s2n_stuffer_raw_read/write()` are called.
> If a stuffer is currently tainted then it can not be resized and it becomes ungrowable due to memory safety constraints mentioned above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tainted` is set to true whenever `s2n_stuffer_raw_read/write()` are called.
If a stuffer is currently tainted then it can not be resized and it becomes ungrowable due to memory safety constraints.
```

> `s2n_stuffer_raw_read/write()` returns an outstanding pointer that references a memory chunk within the stuffer. Whenever such an outstanding pointer exists, the stuffer's `tainted` flag must be set to true. However, if the outstanding pointer goes out of scope, the stuffer's `tainted` flag can safely be set to false.

Reviewer 2: All this information is true, although I think it isn't phrased in a way that will really help someone understand what the 'tainted' flag means. This is why I recommend getting this reviewed by someone who is less familiar with this concept and seeing if they understand this explanation. 
```suggestion
`A 'tainted' stuffer therefore implies that an outstanding pointer currently exists from a previous `s2n_stuffer_raw_read/write()`call which points to memory within the stuffer. Of course, the tainted mark is not needed once the outstanding pointer goes out of scope. Therefore, the stuffer's tainted flag can be safely set to false when the outstanding pointer no longer exists, in a sense, the danger has passed.
```

> `s2n_stuffer_raw_read/write()` returns an outstanding pointer that references a memory chunk within the stuffer. Whenever such an outstanding pointer exists, the stuffer's `tainted` flag must be set to true. However, if the outstanding pointer goes out of scope, the stuffer's `tainted` flag can safely be set to false.

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure if it's a common term, but does outstanding pointer mean a pointer that's still pointing to memory location that hasn't been deallocated? Since it's not mentioned anywhere else in the doc maybe it is less confusing to not use the term?

This is reset when a stuffer is explicitly wiped, which begins the life-cycle anew.

> So any pointers returned by the `s2n_stuffer_raw_read/write()` are legal only until `s2n_stuffer_wipe()` is called.

Reviewer: You either need "by `s2n_stuffer_raw_read/write()`" or "by the `s2n_stuffer_raw_read/write()` methods"

> Ideally, a `tainted` stuffer should be wiped before further write operations. If that is not an option, you may need to manually reset the `tainted` flag to false. When resetting the `tainted` flag, be very careful that the pointer is really no longer accessible and that a future developer won't unknowingly change the lifetime of the pointer. Include a comment explaining why resetting the `tainted` flag is safe.

Reviewer: I still don't think this is the right place for this. I think you should move it to line 376-ish, after the discussion of wiping stuffers / the stuffer lifecycle.
